Exclude scenarios using the NOT operator '~' for tags (#18)
kiwigrid/gherkin-testcafe: README.md

- Features (Gherkin `feature` keyword): Will be transformed into a [TestCafé fixture](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/test-api/test-code-structure.html#fixtures).
- Scenarios (Gherkin `scenario` keyword): Will be transformed into a [TestCafé test](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/test-api/test-code-structure.html#tests).
- Scenario outlines (Gherkin `scenario outline` and `examples` keywords): Will transform every example into on [TestCafé test](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/test-api/test-code-structure.html#tests).
- Tags/ Hooks: See [Tags](#tags) and [Hooks](#hooks).

### Tags

> Scenarios can be tagged using Gherkins @-notation. The runner can then be configured to filter scenarios to be run based on these tags. The tags will be evaluated such that scenarios that have any of the including tags (begins with @) but none of the excluding tags (begins with ~@) will be run.

Reviewer: This is a very long line. Please add a single line break after each full stop.
Also, there is a spelling mistake.

```suggestion
Scenarios can be tagged using [Gherkin's @-notation](https://docs.cucumber.io/cucumber/api/#tags).
The runner can then be configured to filter scenarios to be run based on these tags.
The tags will be evaluated such that scenarios that have any of the including tags (begins with @) but none of the excluding tags (begins with ~@) will be run.
```
